
%This is the final LaTeX file for producing the 2016 Teshekpuk Lake Molting Goose Survey Report (PDF).
%This file was produced from R Markdown with Knitr.
%The following changes were made to this Tex file after Knitr and are documented on each added line.
%Table 1 has added alternating row colors.
%Table 1 has code added to have "Table1. Continued" printed on each page.
%Table 1 has added "*" for the missing lakes.
%Table 1 has added yellow highlighting for the last row of table (Mean row)
%Table 2 has added yellow highlighting for the last row of table (Mean row)\documentclass[]{article}
%Added \newpage to keep "REFERENCES" heading with text in references
%Modified Table 1 caption to exclude "*missing data"
\documentclass[]{article}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \ifxetex
    \usepackage{mathspec}
  \else
    \usepackage{fontspec}
  \fi
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{unicode=true,
            pdfborder={0 0 0},
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\usepackage{longtable,booktabs}
\usepackage{graphicx,grffile}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

%%% Use protect on footnotes to avoid problems with footnotes in titles
\let\rmarkdownfootnote\footnote%
\def\footnote{\protect\rmarkdownfootnote}

%%% Change title format to be more compact
\usepackage{titling}

% Create subtitle command for use in maketitle
\newcommand{\subtitle}[1]{
  \posttitle{
    \begin{center}\large#1\end{center}
    }
}

\setlength{\droptitle}{-2em}
  \title{}
  \pretitle{\vspace{\droptitle}}
  \posttitle{}
  \author{}
  \preauthor{}\postauthor{}
  \date{}
  \predate{}\postdate{}

\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage[table]{xcolor}
\usepackage{wrapfig}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage{colortbl}
\usepackage{pdflscape}
\usepackage{tabu}
\usepackage{threeparttable}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{subcaption}
\usepackage{pdflscape}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage{setspace}
\usepackage{color}
\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage[table]{xcolor}
\usepackage{wrapfig}
\usepackage{colortbl}
\usepackage{tabu}
\usepackage{threeparttable}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage{tikz}
\usepackage[printwatermark]{xwatermark}
\usepackage{caption}
\captionsetup{justification   = raggedright, singlelinecheck       = false, labelsep=period}
\newcommand{\blandscape}{\begin{landscape}}
\newcommand{\elandscape}{\end{landscape}}
\setlength{\parskip}{4ex}

\begin{document}

\pagestyle{fancy}
\fancyfoot[R]{\scriptsize USFWS, MBM-Teshekpuk Lake Molting Goose Survey, 2016}
\renewcommand{\footrulewidth}{1pt} \renewcommand{\headrulewidth}{0pt}

\textbf{\LARGE{Abundance and Distribution of Molting Geese in the vicinity of Teshekpuk Lake, Alaska, July 2016}}
\hfill

\large
\textbf{Brad S. Shults} and \textbf{Tamara K. Zeller}\newline
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Migratory Bird Management, 1011 E. Tudor
Rd., Anchorage, AK 99503

\textbf{\large{ABSTRACT:}} This report summarizes the 35th annual,
aerial survey of molting geese conducted near Teshekpuk Lake on the
Arctic Coastal Plain of Alaska (ACP). The survey was conducted between
11 and 14 July 2016. Total geese observed in the Teshekpuk Lake
Traditional Survey Area, Cape Simpson, and Piasuk River Delta were
88,824 (82,737 adults and 6,087 goslings). Species composition of adult
geese counted across the survey area was: Pacific black brant
(\textit{Branta bernicla nigricans})(26\%), Taverner's cackling goose
(\textit{Branta hutchinsii taverneri})(19\%), greater white-fronted
goose (\textit{Anser albifrons frontalis})(39\%), and lesser snow goose
(\textit{Anser caerulescens caerulescens})(16\%). Within the Teshekpuk
Lake Traditional Survey Area, we recorded 2,243 observations totaling
66,022 geese (61,998 adults and 4,024 goslings). Total counts of adults
and (goslings) in the Traditional Survey Area by species were: Pacific
black brant 12,089 (79), Taverner's cackling goose 13,414 (43), greater
white-fronted goose 28,079 (3,521), and lesser snow goose 8,416 (381).

\textbf{KEY WORDS: }aerial survey, Alaska,
\textit{Anser albifrons frontalis},
\textit{Anser caerulescens caerulescens},
\textit{Branta bernicla nigricans},
\textit{Branta hutchinsii taverneri}, greater white-fronted goose,
lesser snow goose, molting geese, National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska,
NPR-A, Pacific black brant, Taverner's cackling goose, Teshekpuk Lake.

\hfill\textit {January 2018}

\textbf{INTRODUCTION}\break
The significance of the Teshekpuk Lake area to molting geese was first
documented by Henry (Hank) Hansen and Jim King in 1957 (King 1970), and
the importance of the area as goose molting habitat was affirmed by the
Secretary of Interior in 1977 with the establishment of the Teshekpuk
Lake Special Area (TLSA) within the larger National Petroleum
Reserve-Alaska (Fig. 1). Within the TLSA, the Bureau of Land Management
(BLM) identified the area north and east of Teshekpuk Lake as a
biologically sensitive Goose Molting Area (U.S. BLM 2008; Fig. 1). The
documented importance of the Teshekpuk Lake area to molting geese has
been one of the primary justifications for protecting the TLSA from oil
and gas leasing (U.S. BLM 2008, 2013). From 1998 to 2008, no leasing was
considered in the TLSA, in part, because of the sensitivity to
disturbance of molting geese using the area. In 2008, a Record of
Decision by BLM stated the area was intended for leasing, but only after
a 10-yr delay (U.S. BLM 2008). Under that scenario, lease sales would
have been allowed starting in 2018. However, in 2013, a new Record of
Decision returned the status of most of the TLSA to no leasing, with a
concurrent moratorium on construction of non-safety related
infrastructure (U.S. BLM 2013). Accordingly, the 2013 Record of Decision
by the BLM also changed the status of the Cape Simpson and Piasuk River
Delta areas to no leasing, although infrastructure will be allowed (U.S.
BLM 2013).

Initial waterfowl surveys in the Teshekpuk Lake area were conducted by
the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) from 1976-78. Following these
surveys and a 3-year hiatus (i.e., 1979-1981), the survey has been
conducted annually since 1982. The long-term survey area is referred to
as the Traditional Survey Area (Fig. 1). In 2010, 5 additional locations
were identified as important molting areas as a result of studies
conducted by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) Alaska Science Center
(ASC)(Flint et al. 2008, Lewis et al. 2009). Based on this research and
in an effort to specifically monitor brant abundance and use of areas
outside of the Traditional Survey Area, these 5 new areas were
preliminarily surveyed in 2010; however, only 4 of these areas were
permanently added to the overall TLSA survey area after the initial 2010
surveys (Mallek 2011).

The primary goal of the molting goose survey is to monitor the abundance
and distribution of 4 species of geese (i.e., Pacific black brant
{[}\textit{Branta bernicla nigricans}{]}, Taverner's cackling goose
{[}\textit{Branta hutchinsii taverneri}{]}, greater white-fronted goose
{[}\textit{Anser albifrons frontalis}{]}, and lesser snow goose
{[}\textit{Anser caerulescens caerulescens}{]}) during their flightless
wing molt in the area north and east of Teshekpuk Lake. Specific
objectives include: 1) acquiring annual minimum counts and locations of
adult geese and goslings, 2) documenting relative species composition,
3) measuring annual local production, and 4) obtaining opportunistic
counts and locations of loons (i.e., Pacific
{[}\textit{Gavia pacifica}{]}, red-throated
{[}\textit{Gavia stellata}{]}, and yellow-billed
{[}\textit{Gavia adamsii}{]}) and tundra swans
(\textit{Cygnus columbianus}). A secondary goal of the survey is to
detect regional shifts in distribution by periodically monitoring
numbers of molting geese in 4 additional areas between Cape Simpson and
the Colville River Delta (Fig. 1).

\begin{figure}[h]
\includegraphics{tlsa_mgarea.png}
\caption{Molting goose survey areas and BLM land status designations near Teshekpuk Lake, Alaska.}
\end{figure}

\textbf{STUDY AREA}\hfill\break
\textbf{Traditional Survey Area}\hfill\break
The Traditional Survey Area encompasses approximately 2,000 km\(^{2}\)
and includes 209 lakes, bays, and shoreline/creek segments north and
east of Teshekpuk Lake (Fig. 1). Each lake or water body is identified
by a unique number, and observations are recorded separately for each of
these survey units (Fig. 2). Prior to 2005, there were 197 numbered
survey units; however, additional lakes, creeks, and shorelines were
also surveyed within the Traditional Survey Area, but these data were
reported with geographic descriptions of the areas surveyed and did not
correspond to uniquely numbered survey units. In 2005, these additional
lakes and shoreline/creek segments were uniquely numbered and the total
number of survey units increased from 197 to 209 without a corresponding
increase in the total area searched. In addition, between 2005 and 2014,
some shoreline segments were completed sporadically (e.g., 202, 203,
204, and 205).

\textbf{Additional Survey Areas}\hfill\break
In 2010, 5 areas were delineated as survey units at Atigaru Point, Cape
Simpson, the Colville River Delta, North Kogru River, and the Piasuk
River Delta (Fig. 1). The Atigaru Point survey area encompasses
approximately 98 km\(^{2}\) and includes the lakes and shoreline near
the point and the offshore Eskimo Islands. The Cape Simpson survey area
was delineated into 16 lake, wetland, and estuary survey units spread
over 158 km\(^{2}\). The Colville River Delta survey area covers lakes,
river channels, and estuaries across 188 km\(^{2}\) of the northwest
portion of the river delta. The Piasuk River Delta survey area includes
6 discrete lakes and river estuaries covering approximately 98
km\(^{2}\). The North Kogru River area was approximately 78 km\(^{2}\)
and overlaid portions of existing survey units 204 and 205 that were
established in 2005. Because most of this area already occurred within
the boundaries of the Traditional Survey Area (i.e., 204 and 205), the
North Kogu area counts are no longer reported as separate counts. As a
result, there are only 4 additional areas that are periodically
surveyed. Since 2010, Cape Simpson and the Piasuk River Delta, (i.e.,
the areas with the highest abundance of molting brant) have been
surveyed annually. The Atigaru and Colville River Delta areas are
surveyed every 5 years.

\begin{figure}[h]
\includegraphics{Tesh_traditionalarea.jpg}
\caption{Molting goose survey units within the Traditional Survey Area.}
\end{figure}

\textbf{METHODS}\break
The 2016 survey was flown in an amphibious-equipped Cessna 206 (N77554).
Optimum survey altitude and airspeed was 60-90 meters (200-300 feet)
above ground level and 80-100 knots (90-115 mph). Observations were
collected by both the pilot and right-front seat observer. Geese in
small groups were individually counted whereas larger flock sizes were
estimated. The goal was to obtain complete coverage of each survey unit
within the survey area. Lake size and wind conditions determined optimum
flight paths to achieve this goal. For smaller lakes, we navigated a
flight path near or over the lake that provided a complete view of the
lake and shoreline. Flight paths for larger lakes included a complete
shoreline route followed by transects to cover the surface area of the
lake. Flight lines for shoreline and creek segments were flown to give
the observer the best view of the entire segment. We used program RECORD
(Hodges 2001, USFWS unpublished report) operating on tablet computers
(i.e., Panasonic Toughpad FZ-M1\texttrademark) to record observations.
Observations were voice recorded by each observer using a handheld
microphone and stored as audio files (i.e., .WAV format). Each
observation was automatically linked to geographic coordinates on the
GPS equipped tablet computer. The aircraft flight path was also stored
by the program. Observations of adult and hatching year geese, swans,
and loons were recorded for each unit. Survey units were located using
images displayed on a Garmin 396 GPS\texttrademark~and a paper map with
a satellite image of the area and the numbered survey units. A second
computer program, TRANSCRIBE (Hodges 2001, USFWS unpublished report) was
used to replay audio files and convert the recorded data to text files
via keyboard characters coded by species and age class. TRANSCRIBE
assigns geographic coordinates to each observation when the data are
transcribed and yields a comma delimited text file for each day. Text
files are uploaded to spreadsheets for summary analysis and spatial data
(e.g., flight lines) are uploaded to a geodatabase.

\setlength{\parskip}{4ex} \textbf{RESULTS}\newline
Survey flights were conducted between 11 and 14 July with pilot-observer
B. Shults and observer T. Zeller (Fig. 3). Total geese observed in the
Teshekpuk Lake Traditional Survey Area, Cape Simpson, and Piasuk River
Delta were 88,824 (82,737 adults and 6,087 goslings). Species
composition of adult geese counted across the survey area was: Pacific
black brant (\textit{Branta bernicla nigricans})(26\%), Taverner's
cackling goose (\textit{Branta hutchinsii taverneri})(19\%), greater
white-fronted goose (\textit{Anser albifrons frontalis})(39\%), and
lesser snow goose (\textit{Anser caerulescens caerulescens})(16\%).Total
counts of geese, loons, and swans within each survey unit in the
Traditional Survey Area are provided in Table 1. Table 2 and Figure 5
illustrate the number of adult geese by species counted from 1982-2016
in the Traditional Survey Area. Summary observation totals for geese and
goslings in the Cape Simpson and Piasuk River Delta are provided in
Table 3.

\begin{figure}[h]
\includegraphics{Tesh_flightlines_2016.png}
\caption{Molting goose survey flight lines, 11-14 July 2016.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\begin{subfigure}[h]{0.85\textwidth}
\includegraphics[width=1\linewidth]{Figure_4_2016.png}
\end{subfigure}
\begin{subfigure}[h]{0.85\textwidth}
\includegraphics[width=1\linewidth]{Tesh_geese_counted_2015.png}
\end{subfigure}
\caption{Relative abundance of geese during 2016 and 2015 within the Traditional Survey Area.}
\end{figure}

\textbf{Traditional Survey Area}\newline
Survey flights were conducted between 12 and 14 July. Total flight time
to complete the survey from a start in Fairbanks, a base of operations
in Deadhorse, and a return flight to Anchorage was 37.3 hours. Total
flight time spent within the survey areas was 11.5 hours. We recorded
2,243 observations totaling 66,022 geese (61,998 adults and 4,024
goslings). The pilot and observer each recorded 50\% of the
observations. Relative abundance of adult geese counted within each
survey unit varied across the survey area (Fig. 4). Species composition
and age-class (i.e., adult vs.~gosling) of geese counted was: Pacific
black brant (19\%) {[}12,089 adults and 79 goslings{]}, greater
white-fronted goose (45\%) {[}28,079 adults and 3,521 goslings{]},
Taverner's cackling goose (22\%) (13,414 adults and 43 goslings), and
lesser snow goose (16\%) {[}8,416 adults and 381 goslings{]}. Incidental
observations of tundra swans totaled 216 adults and 62 cygnets. Pacific
loon, red-throated loon, and yellow-billed loon totals were 86, 41, and
10, respectively.

\includegraphics{TMGSurvey_Master_2016_files/figure-latex/Figure_One-1.pdf}
\textbf{Additional Survey Areas}\newline
The Cape Simpson and Piasuk River areas were surveyed on 11 July in
approximately 3 hours. We recorded 164 observations totaling 8,565 geese
(8,247 adults and 318 goslings) at the Piasuk River, and species
composition of adults was 52\% Pacific black brant, 6\% greater
white-fronted goose, and 41\% lesser snow goose. Taverner's cackling
geese were less than 1\% of total adult geese observed. Total geese
observed at Cape Simpson were 14,237 (12,492 adults and 1,745 goslings)
in 568 observations, and the adult composition was 40\% Pacific black
brant, 17\% Taverner's cackling goose, 28\% greater white-fronted goose,
and 15\% lesser snow goose. For both areas, incidental observations of
tundra swans totaled 38 adults and 6 cygnet. Pacific loon, red-throated
loon, and yellow-billed loon totals were 6, 16, and 2, respectively.
Summary data are provided in Table 3.

\textbf{DISCUSSION}\break
Survey flights began 5 days earlier than the mean start date of recent
surveys (i.e., 16 July {[}2003-2016{]}), and was the earliest start date
ever recorded for the survey. The survey ended 5 days earlier (i.e., 14
July) than the mean end date (i.e., 19 July) for the same period. In
contrast to the timing of the 2015 survey, very few geese were observed
flying and therefore, major movements of geese from one survey unit to
another during the survey period were unlikely. Given the documented
advance in overall phenology and earlier arrival dates of goose species
on the Arctic Coastal Plain (Ward et al. 2015), subsequent molting
surveys should begin on or before the mean start date to reduce bias as
a result of post-molt movement.

\textbf{Teshekpuk Lake Traditional Survey Area}\newline
The number of adult geese of all species counted in 2016 was 8\% lower
than 2015. Compared to 2015, greater white-fronted goose adults counted
were down by 31\%, whereas cackling goose adults increased by 95\%.
Black brant adult numbers were similar to 2014 and 2015 and still below
the 10-year average of 14,573. Gosling counts for all species were lower
in 2016 vs.~2015, but these counts are difficult to evaluate as annual
indices of production because goslings are difficult to detect and count
accurately.

\textbf{Additional Survey Areas}\newline
Adult numbers for cackling geese and greater white-fronted geese on the
Piasuk River were similar to 2015, but snow goose numbers increased by
41\%. Black brant numbers were 3 times higher in 2016 than 2015, but
near the 7-year average of 4,034. Overall, adult goose numbers counted
on the Piasuk River were 2 times higher than 2015. Similarly, black
brant adult numbers at Cape Simpson were 4 times higher in 2016 than
2015, but near the 7-year average of 5,582. Overall, adult numbers of
all species at Cape Simpson were 35\% higher than 2015.

Long-term survey data and previous research studies show that the TLSA
is important molting habitat not only for brant, but also for Taverner's
cackling, greater white-fronted, and lesser snow geese. These survey
data are crucial to monitor molting habitat use and to evaluate changes
in abundance and distribution as a result of habitat changes that may be
caused by climate change or future resource development.

\textbf{ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS}\newline
We recognize Hank Hanson and Jim King (both USFWS-retired) for first
documenting the importance of the Teshekpuk Lake area to waterfowl and
Rod King (USFWS-MBM Fairbanks retired; 1982-1999) and Ed Mallek
(USFWS-MBM Fairbanks; 2000-2013) and their observers for collecting the
majority of historical data. We thank the Kanuti NWR and National Park
Service staff for providing housing, office, and aircraft support in
Bettles. Funding for this survey was provided by the BLM. This document
was produced using knitr (\textcolor{blue}{https://yihui.name/knitr/})
from RStudio (\textcolor{blue}{https://www.rstudio.com/}). Full report
code, including R (\textcolor{blue}{https://www.r-project.org/}) and
MiKTeX (\textcolor{blue}{https://miktex.org/}) is available at GitHub
(\textcolor{blue}{https://github.com/bsshults/Teshekpuk-Lake-Molt}).
\newline
\textit{\small{The findings and conclusions in this report are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the views of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.}}

\newpage%added to keep heading with text in references
\textbf{REFERENCES}

\setlength{\parindent}{-0.2in} \setlength{\leftskip}{0.2in}
\setlength{\parskip}{1ex}

Flint, P.L., E.J. Mallek, R.J. King, A. Schmutz, K.S. Bollinger, and
D.V. Derksen. 2008. Changes in abundance and spatial distribution of
geese molting near Teshekpuk Lake, Alaska: interspecific competition or
ecological change? Polar Biology 31:549-556.

Hodges, J. 2001. Voice/GPS Survey Program Manual. Unpublished Report. U.
S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Juneau, Alaska.

King J.G. 1970. The swans and geese of Alaska's arctic slope. Wildfowl
21:11-17.

Lewis, T.L., P.L. Flint, J.A. Schmutz, and D.V. Derksen. 2009. Temporal
distributions and patterns of habitat use by black brant molting in the
Teshekpuk Lake Special Area, Alaska. U.S. Geological Survey, Alaska
Science Center, Anchorage, Alaska. 124pp.

Mallek, E.J. 2011. Teshekpuk Lake Molting Goose Survey - 2010.
Unpublished Report. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Fairbanks, Alaska.
16pp.

U.S. BLM. 2008. Northeast National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska supplemental
integrated activity plan, Record of Decision. U.S. Department of the
Interior, Bureau of Land Management, Anchorage, Alaska. 99pp.

U.S. BLM. 2013. Northeast National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska integrated
activity plan, Record of Decision. U.S. Department of the Interior,
Bureau of Land Management, Anchorage, Alaska. 106pp.

Ward, D. H., J. Helmericks, J.W. Hupp, L. McManus, M. Budde, D. C.
Douglas, and K. D. Tape. 2015. Multi-decadal trends in spring arrival of
avian migrants to the central Arctic coast of Alaska: effects of
environmental and ecological factors. Journal of Avian Biology 46: 1-11.
\newpage
\footnotesize
{\rowcolors{10}{lightgray}{white}%Adds the alternating gray to highlight lines
\begin{longtable}[]{@{}rrrrrrrrrrrrrr@{}}
\caption{Number of geese, swans, and loons observed in the Traditional
Survey Area, 12-14 July 2016. BLBR = brant, BLBRG = brant gosling, CACG
= Taverner's cackling goose, CACGG = Taverner's cackling goose gosling,
GWFG = white-fronted goose, GWFGG = white-fronted goose gosling, PALO =
Pacific loon, RTLO = red-thoated loon, SNGO = snow goose, SNGOG = snow
goose gosling, TUSW = tundra swan, TUSWC = tundra swan cygnet, YBLO =
yellow-billed loon.}\tabularnewline
\toprule
\begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
Unit\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
BLBR\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
BLBRG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
CACG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
CACGG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
GWFG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
GWFGG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
SNGO\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
SNGOG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
PALO\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
RTLO\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
YBLO\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
TUSW\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
TUSWC\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\midrule
\endfirsthead
\caption{Continued.}\\%Added this line to have "Table 1. Continued" on each page
\toprule
\begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
Unit\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
BLBR\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
BLBRG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
CACG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
CACGG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
GWFG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
GWFGG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
SNGO\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
SNGOG\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
PALO\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
RTLO\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
YBLO\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
TUSW\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[b]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
TUSWC\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\midrule
\endhead
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
12\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
248\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
23\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
110\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
120\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
77\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
22\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
8\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
119\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
11\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
9\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
35\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
16\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
11\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
12\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
13\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
35\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
14\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
15\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
55\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
55\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
16\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
17\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
18\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
273\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
40\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
80\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
19\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
78\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
47\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
21\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
338\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2090\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
300\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
445\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
15\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
22\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
23\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
15\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
194\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
60\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
24\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
233\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
19\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
25\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
105\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
289\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
61\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
50\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
26\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
74\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
18\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
50\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
27\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
28\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
276\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
29\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
344\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
150\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
31\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
60\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
32\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
40\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
33\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
34\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
35\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
36\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
190\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
430\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
46\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
37\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
60\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
38\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
165\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
132\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
75\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
43\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
15\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
39\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
190\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
40\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
129\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
50\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
41\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
65\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
42\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
23\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
40\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
43\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
80\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
141\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
44\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
102\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
211\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
47\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
47\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
45\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
46\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
81\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
47\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
17\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
237\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
47\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
100\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
48\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
42\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
300\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
48\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
365\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
403\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
74\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
380\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
49\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
50\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
51\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
40\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
47\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
147\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
52\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
45\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
240\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
164\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
19\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
65\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
8\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
53\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1635\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
102\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
83\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
88\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
54\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
88\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
27\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
70\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
55\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
60\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1172\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
573\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
21\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
34\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
56\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
145\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
57\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
265\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
58\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
23\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
59\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
60\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
29\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
61\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
398\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
21\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
62\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
44\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
259\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1168\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
159\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
85\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
63\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
35\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
64\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
65\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
66\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
278\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
92\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
67\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
144\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
31\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
68\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
33\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
191\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
12\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
55\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
69\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
70\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
11\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
105\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
35\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
71\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
72\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
186\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
29\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
73\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
330\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
74\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
55\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
246\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
280\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
75\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
26\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
76\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
77\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
170\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
12\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
78\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
150\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
57\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
9\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
79\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
34\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
80\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
81\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
82\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
22\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
28\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
83\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
347\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
110\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
84\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
85\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
145\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
86\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
87\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
15\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
132\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
332\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
99\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
185\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
63\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
88\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
89\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
90\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
160\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
91\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
40\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
92\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
93\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
94\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
95\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
484\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
320\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
112\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
165\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
96\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
45\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
210\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
25\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
97\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
28\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
25\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
98\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
115\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
99\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
537\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
703\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
61\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
100\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
25\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
195\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
8\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
60\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
101\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
61\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
102\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
25\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
126\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
103\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
175\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
104\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
80\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
190\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
777\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
678\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
105\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
545\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
106\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1102\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
345\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
897\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
70\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
107\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
190\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
960\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
593\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
108\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
25\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
167\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
98\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
109\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
200\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
212\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
90\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
110\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
125\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
825\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
14\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
34\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
111\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
25\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
112\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
140\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
87\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
113\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
244\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
215\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
235\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
114\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
15\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
280\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
65\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
115\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
40\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
116\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
245\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
63\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
117\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
880\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
34\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
118\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
270\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
145\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
12\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
50\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
119\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
120\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
121\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
115\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
122\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
275\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
119\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
219\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
186\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
123\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
445\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
50\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
124\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
300\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
35\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
125\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
40\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
125\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
268\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
126\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
127\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
128\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
129\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
130\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
131\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
132\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
255\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
174\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
27\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
133\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
25\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
134\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
135\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
45\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
50\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
136\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
70\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
15\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
137\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
138\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
200\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
139\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
100\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
51\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
140\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
62\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
100\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
141\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
156\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
302\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
77\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
44\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
142\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
160\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
76\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
29\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
143\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
19\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
100\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
274\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
144\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
240\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
11\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
145\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
215\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
211\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1218\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
47\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
244\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
146\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
147\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
77\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
6\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
148\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
8\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
149\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3160\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
442\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
415\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
17\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1285\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
150\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
41\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
151\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
152\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
153\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
154\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
285\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
724\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
67\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
155\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
185\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
156\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
157\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
158\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
159\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
116\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
11\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
160\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
27\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
37\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
161\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
250\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
85\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
292\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
97\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
162\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
45\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
90\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
163\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
164\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
165\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
125\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
166\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
167\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
122\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
86\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
168\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
169\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
170\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
94\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
100\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
32\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
171\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
303\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
300\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
66\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
172\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
50\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
334\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
25\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
173\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
50\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
15\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
35\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
174\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
175\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
80\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
130\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
828\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
59\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
176\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
216\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
18\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
177\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
175\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
178\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
100\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
179\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
180\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
160\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
64\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
18\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
181\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
180\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
182\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
175\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
55\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
30\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
183\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
184\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
185\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
186\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
187\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
60\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
40\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
188\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
50\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
189\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
190\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
112\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
40\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
191\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
192\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
120\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
193\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
175\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
165\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
25\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
194\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
195\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
196\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
197\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
198\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
18\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
56\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
13\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
199\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
55\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
70\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
31\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
5\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
200\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
304\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
200\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
195\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
19\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
540\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
201\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
67\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
202\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
125\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
95\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
40\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
208\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
33\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
203\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
145\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
68\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
28\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
204\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
695\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
370\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1185\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
296\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
700\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
15\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
205\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
208\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
8\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
255\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
753\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
28\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
130\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
17\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
11\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
206\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
82\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
24\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
90\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
20\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
207\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
57\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
43\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
25\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
127\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
27\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
1\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
208\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
15\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
237\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
7\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
230\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
4\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
2\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
209\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\rowcolor{yellow}%added this line to highlight last line in yellow
\begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
Total\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
12089\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
79\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
13414\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
43\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
28079\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
3521\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
8416\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.05\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
381\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
86\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
41\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
10\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
216\strut
\end{minipage} & \begin{minipage}[t]{0.04\columnwidth}\raggedleft\strut
62\strut
\end{minipage}\tabularnewline
\bottomrule
\end{longtable}
}%bracket added for the alternating line color
\begin{table}

\caption{\label{tab:Kable_76_17}Summary of geese counted in the Teshekpuk Lake Traditional Survey Area, 1976-2016.}
\centering
\begin{tabular}[t]{lrrrrrrrr}
\toprule
\multicolumn{1}{c}{} & \multicolumn{4}{c}{Adults} & \multicolumn{4}{c}{Goslings} \\
\cmidrule(l{2pt}r{2pt}){2-5} \cmidrule(l{2pt}r{2pt}){6-9}
Year & BLBR & CACG & GWFG & SNGO & BLBR & CACG & GWFG & SNGO\\
\midrule
1976 & 13,998 & 12,026 & 4,791 & 715 & 37 & 11 & 23 & 0\\
1977 & 21,988 & 11,946 & 2,428 & 259 & 0 & 0 & 11 & 0\\
1978 & 32,732 & 14,388 & 1,943 & 87 & 5 & 2 & 5 & 0\\
1982 & 12,956 & 10,440 & 995 & 81 & 30 & 0 & 65 & 3\\
1983 & 24,597 & 20,033 & 2,897 & 172 & 2 & 0 & 30 & 0\\
\addlinespace
1984 & 26,990 & 26,674 & 4,151 & 256 & 45 & 7 & 24 & 0\\
1985 & 15,259 & 11,252 & 1,951 & 123 & 0 & 4 & 18 & 20\\
1986 & 19,102 & 8,089 & 3,352 & 419 & 0 & 0 & 6 & 0\\
1987 & 8,069 & 8,586 & 2,822 & 134 & 0 & 0 & 15 & 0\\
1988 & 8,604 & 8,405 & 1,368 & 150 & 125 & 0 & 42 & 0\\
\addlinespace
1989 & 13,324 & 16,139 & 3,100 & 232 & 14 & 1 & 15 & 0\\
1990 & 23,055 & 12,233 & 6,142 & 88 & 340 & 0 & 488 & 66\\
1991 & 12,429 & 5,408 & 6,150 & 251 & 145 & 0 & 725 & 133\\
1992 & 14,899 & 14,777 & 11,147 & 257 & 54 & 20 & 73 & 0\\
1993 & 20,762 & 6,797 & 8,613 & 243 & 410 & 0 & 0 & 0\\
\addlinespace
1994 & 20,246 & 13,829 & 13,746 & 299 & 0 & 0 & 0 & 0\\
1995 & 18,931 & 16,089 & 9,532 & 164 & 63 & 0 & 370 & 34\\
1996 & 23,430 & 16,922 & 27,549 & 281 & 45 & 50 & 206 & 46\\
1997 & 21,059 & 9,091 & 17,967 & 786 & 0 & 0 & 0 & 0\\
1998 & 12,048 & 5,466 & 13,540 & 667 & 68 & 50 & 319 & 145\\
\addlinespace
1999 & 10,956 & 1,859 & 25,700 & 1,290 & 20 & 4 & 125 & 175\\
2000 & 3,368 & 8,897 & 9,869 & 310 & 0 & 10 & 273 & 34\\
2001 & 37,867 & 18,301 & 33,781 & 2,678 & 5 & 18 & 1,462 & 57\\
2002 & 17,334 & 13,855 & 35,171 & 1,369 & 50 & 18 & 816 & 89\\
2003 & 21,017 & 15,240 & 21,432 & 1,218 & 165 & 65 & 3,729 & 178\\
\addlinespace
2004 & 20,122 & 13,426 & 30,161 & 2,365 & 0 & 0 & 767 & 40\\
2005 & 17,344 & 11,637 & 27,296 & 3,914 & 374 & 56 & 4,886 & 196\\
2006 & 17,613 & 14,583 & 31,575 & 3,967 & 286 & 76 & 5,485 & 1,005\\
2007 & 27,109 & 13,428 & 45,747 & 6,626 & 45 & 120 & 2,563 & 222\\
2008 & 19,397 & 11,890 & 30,174 & 4,072 & 90 & 15 & 4,127 & 570\\
\addlinespace
2009 & 18,647 & 18,720 & 34,944 & 6,400 & 37 & 144 & 4,249 & 147\\
2010 & 18,212 & 14,498 & 26,838 & 5,468 & 101 & 7 & 4,923 & 102\\
2011 & 18,300 & 14,208 & 25,225 & 4,529 & 260 & 3 & 6,747 & 665\\
2012 & 20,090 & 18,729 & 47,805 & 10,484 & 1,058 & 27 & 8,770 & 618\\
2013 & 23,725 & 14,708 & 48,850 & 11,731 & 376 & 268 & 11,443 & 50\\
\addlinespace
2014 & 12,114 & 11,023 & 34,199 & 7,668 & 337 & 631 & 15,112 & 238\\
2015 & 12,814 & 6,891 & 40,904 & 6,635 & 388 & 308 & 8,126 & 2,018\\
2016 & 12,089 & 13,414 & 28,079 & 8,416 & 79 & 43 & 3,521 & 381\\
\rowcolor{yellow}%added this line to highlight last line in yellow
Mean 76-16 & 18,226 & 12,734 & 18,998 & 2,495 & 133 & 52 & 2,357 & 190\\
\bottomrule
\end{tabular}
\end{table}

\makeatletter
\setlength{\@fptop}{0pt} \makeatother

\begin{table}

\caption{\label{tab:Kable_Table3_output}Summary of geese counted in the Cape Simpson and Piasuk River survey areas, 2010-2016.}
\centering
\begin{tabular}[t]{lrrrrrrrr}
\toprule
\multicolumn{1}{c}{} & \multicolumn{4}{c}{Adults} & \multicolumn{4}{c}{Goslings} \\
\cmidrule(l{2pt}r{2pt}){2-5} \cmidrule(l{2pt}r{2pt}){6-9}
 & BLBR & CACG & GWFG & SNGO & BLBR & CACG & GWFG & SNGO\\
\midrule
\addlinespace[0.3em]
\multicolumn{9}{l}{\textbf{Piasuk River}}\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2010 & 5,131 & 12 & 217 & 2,873 & 10 & 0 & 189 & 8\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2011 & 2,705 & 12 & 17 & 1,336 & 0 & 5 & 0 & 509\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2012 & 3,733 & 0 & 245 & 3,348 & 0 & 0 & 8 & 259\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2013 & 7,742 & 60 & 792 & 7,405 & 0 & 15 & 291 & 234\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2014 & 3,560 & 43 & 705 & 3,383 & 10 & 0 & 663 & 90\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2015 & 1,047 & 55 & 626 & 2,387 & 40 & 5 & 320 & 1,688\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2016 & 4,317 & 34 & 532 & 3,364 & 0 & 0 & 204 & 114\\
\addlinespace[0.3em]
\multicolumn{9}{l}{\textbf{Cape Simpson}}\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2010 & 5,402 & 1,024 & 1,552 & 294 & 128 & 0 & 716 & 8\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2011 & 5,095 & 732 & 2,115 & 863 & 30 & 10 & 663 & 303\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2012 & 7,336 & 1,207 & 2,786 & 664 & 71 & 38 & 1,024 & 77\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2013 & 8,194 & 444 & 3,631 & 1,440 & 0 & 5 & 596 & 54\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2014 & 6,796 & 370 & 5,568 & 1,646 & 206 & 0 & 2,244 & 14\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2015 & 1,218 & 47 & 5,830 & 2,173 & 0 & 0 & 1,698 & 1,497\\
\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}\hspace{1em}2016 & 5,033 & 2,079 & 3,559 & 1,821 & 16 & 11 & 1,363 & 355\\
\bottomrule
\end{tabular}
\end{table}


\end{document}
